To grow your personal brand, you just
need to
>> give value.
>> Everyone tells you to do that, but no
one teaches you how. Luckily for you,
that ends here. My past 50 videos on
Instagram have averaged 200,000 views,
more than double my nearest competitor.
But it's not because of any algorithm
hacks or even because I'm a genius or
even because I'm handsome. It is simply
because I've crafted every single video
using my scientific formula that
maximizes each video's value. And today
I'm going to give you the scientific
formula and teach you how to manufacture
the value of your videos in a way that
gets you exponentially more views, more
authority, and more highpaying clients.
Rome wasn't built in a day, but if you
watch this video in its entirety, your
personal brand can be. Welcome to the
Trinity of Value.
All right, so I just finished a
mastermind here at Nexus going over this
entire worksheet. With that said, I
would just cut to the [__]
mastermind, but at the beginning, I
explain the worksheet with their
elevated knowledge because you have
access to the course, all that good
jazz. So, I want to go and reexplain the
top portion at least for you guys so you
guys can understand it and implement it
into your content strategy and for every
single video that you create. With that
said, the core topic that we're going to
be covering in today's mastermind is
going to be Trinity of Value. Now,
Trinity of Value is by far probably not
probably, it is my flagship model. It is
what makes any short form piece of
content that you create moving forward.
It gives you an objective lens on what
is going to be valuable for your
audience. And that objective lens is
going to allow you to create more
valuable videos, which in return is
going to allow you to create more viral
videos. So, let's go and hop into
Trinity of Value and what this means.
All righty. Are we visible? Are we full
screen? Are we sexy?
>> Yes.
>> Yep. All All good.
>> So, one of the things that we talked
about quite often within this course and
it's kind of been what everything has
been built off of is going to be trinity
of value. Now, this is the model that I
have reverse engineered on why I believe
all the videos that we posted previously
have been successful. And I feel as if
the most successful videos are the most
potent version of this model. If I died
today and I have a son out there, which
wouldn't be crazy. And if I had to give
him one thing for him to be able to
build his personal brand, I would give
him this [__] model. This is by far
the most important part of the scripting
portion. It's the most important part of
choosing the idea. It's the most
important part of reviewing the said
script. If your video is valuable, then
people will watch it. If the video is
not valuable, then people won't watch
it. That the equation of someone
watching your video is very [__]
simple. If someone lands on your video
and they think, "Huh, is this video
going to be worth my time?" If the
answer is yes, they'll watch it. If the
answer is no, then they will scroll. So
then the question becomes of solving for
two things. Number one, how can we
increase the perception of value to our
video? And then number two, which is a
lot easier, how can we actually just
increase the value to our video? And
that is what the trinity of value model
help us with. Now with that said, there
are three core portions to the trinity
of value. As you can see here, we have
swapped it to a pyramid. So at the
bottom you have clear solution. Then
directly after that you build on top of
the clear solution which is the
foundation into the clear solution being
unique and then is that clear solution
view depictable? And these are going to
be the three components of what to make
up of a valuable video. Now these three
components are not all created equal.
Like I said previously clear solution is
going to be the foundation of your
video's value and then viewer depict
viewer depiction and uniqueness are
going to be built around that foundation
of your video. So what do all these
fancy terms mean? Let's hop into that.
So, the foundation of your video is
going to be awesome. Your video is meant
to be educational. Now, for a video to
be educational, you must simply show the
viewer the behaviors or the steps you
need to take to be able to get to the
desired results. Meaning, your video
must be the bridge in between A to B.
And it must be the simple path from A to
B. Now, A being the problem or undesired
state that the viewer is currently
experiencing or B being the outcome that
your viewer wants to achieve. And then
your video is going to the bridge in
between those two things. So for
example, for Alec, let's say Alec makes
a video just for simplicity, let's make
it really broad. A, the undesired state
is that they suck at rugby. B, it is the
desired state of being good at rugby.
And then Alex video has to be the path
in between those two. And in that clear
solution, not only must it be a simple
path, but also on top of that, it must
be all-encompassing. Meaning whenever
someone watches your video and they go
through your clear solution, they should
not have to do extra homework or extra
extra research to figure out what to do.
So for what I mean by that is is let's
say Alec were to give three steps on
what to do after watching on how to
become better at rugby. After watching
Alex's video, you should have all the
steps needed to act upon and understand
them well enough that you don't have to
look up anything and you don't have to
do any extra research. It should just
be, okay, I watched Alex video. I don't
have to do anything else except for what
he said in the video. And if I just do
that, it'll take me from A to B. And
that is going to be a clear solution. Is
your video the bridge in between where
the viewer currently is and where they
want to be? However, that is just the
foundation. That is not to mean that
your video is valuable. The second
portion of your video being valuable and
what builds on top of your clear
solution is going to be, is it unique?
Meaning, is your clear solution either
easier, more effective, or better
explained than the current solution that
the viewer already had in their mind. If
that is true, then your video is still
not valuable yet because it must also be
viewer depictable. Meaning, can your
viewer picture themselves taking the
steps you gave in your video? Do they
believe that those steps will work? And
do they also believe that those steps
are worth the effort? This is the
closest that we can get to whenever it
comes to having an objective outlook on
what is valuable. And if you can
understand these three things then it
all becomes very very simple whenever it
comes to looking at an idea and figuring
out is this a good idea or bad idea
looking at a script or even as you're
writing a script understanding is this
valuable or not valuable and especially
reviewing the script if you can look at
it through this lens and look at it
through this pyramid becomes very
[__] simple on is your video valuable
or not. Now at a certain point you can
argue that it is subjective and that is
to be true. So to bring this model as to
be objective as possible and a
scientific formula that everyone can
follow is you just have to build it
around your relevant audience in mind.
It's a lot easier to be able to say this
is going to be valuable to this
individual then this is going to be
valuable in general. For example, how to
increase rocket thrust efficiency.
Amelia, do you find this to be valuable
in general? As in it's good for the
world if this guy makes a video talking
about this.
>> Well, I don't even know what the hell
that [__] is. Alec, do you look at this
as pushing humanity forward and valuable
to humanity thanks to this guy making
this video?
>> Okay. Alec and Ailio don't don't want to
go to Mars. I want to go to [__]
Mars. That is something that I would
want to do and it pushes humanity
forward. So even though it might not be
valuable to Alec or Ailio, I would say
in general it would be valuable.
However, it would not be valuable to
Alio to Amelio or Alec because it's not
meant for them. He did not create this
video in mind of Alec and Ailio and them
finding this valuable. However, for Elon
Musk, it might to be valuable. So,
whenever it comes down to these three
things, it's very important that you
don't look at these three things as an
in general or look at it through an in
general lens, but more so through the
lens of is this going to be valuable to
my relevant audience, to my mascot that
you guys have all spent time defining on
who that is. As I'm reading this and as
I'm saying it out loud, I feel like it's
going over heads and I feel like I'm not
saying it the easiest way to understand.
Do you guys understand the premise of
Trinity of Value?
>> Yeah,
>> I don't see much.
>> I'm not sure if it's uh if it's just
because I've heard it a lot, but it's
definitely uh drilled in at this point.
>> Good. That works. So, now that we
understand the premise of this model,
let's go over first the bad examples
that we can see what not to do and in
that it becomes very very clear on what
to do. So, let's watch this video from
Mr. Brian Mark. Now, with that said,
Brian Mark is not a bad creator. This is
not a horrible [__] video. It's just
not valuable in the sense of you watch
it and you know what to do or you watch
it and you really have anything to do.
So, this video got 14K views. Let's take
a look.
>> I just hope people reach out to me. I
build systems that trigger DMs daily.
I'm just going to cold DM random people.
That should that's going to work. I post
content that nurtures my audience and
then I DM script people that are already
warm. I need more followers. I don't
care how many followers I have. I care
about the depth of the relationship with
the followers that I have. Nobody's
booking any sales calls. I use my IG
stories to pre-sell my prospects and
then I get interested prospects to DM me
so I can book a call. You know what I
do? I like to chase people down. People
chase me because my content speaks to
their pain.
>> Okay, Alex, rewind in time. You're just
now starting to become a fitness coach.
>> You're trying to get some clients, but
you just don't know how. After watching
this video, do you know what to do? No,
because I've got to do extra homework or
research to find out how to convert the
story to the viewer, how to talk to
their pain and a lot more.
>> There is no clear solution because all
he's doing is comparing the A to B. He
is not showing or his video is not the
bridge in between A to B. So, I'm right
now starting out as broke legion. I'm
not getting enough legion as a fitness
coach. And my goal is to make 10K a
month as every other beginner fitness
coach.
and he's going over the difference in
between the two. However, his video is
not bridging me in between the two. It
is just showing me the difference. So,
instead of telling me how to do it or
even what to do, he's only showing me
the difference in between the two of
where I want to be and where I am. So,
after watching this video, I have
nothing I can't do. What's going on,
Abby?
>> Would you consider that to be more of an
entertaining uh reel instead? I know we
don't do enter entertaining ones, but
instead of education, would you consider
this more entertaining instead?
>> I think it would have to be considered
entertaining.
>> Okay,
>> cuz there's nothing to do after this.
It's just inspiration at the max. So,
this would be an example of something
that just doesn't have a clear solution.
Now, an example of what a unique video
might look like is going to be this guy
right here. I don't know this guy. This
video is not a bad video. It's just the
person that he targeted this video to is
valuable to them. You guys can be the
determining factor of that.
>> This is a cutting meal with 576
calories. And this is a bulking meal
with 820 calories. Now, both these meals
are simple with a lot of protein, but
the calories are very different. This
ground beef meal has a lot more fat,
which as you know is double the
calories. So, if you're trying to get
more calories in, focus on a red meat,
preferably an 80% or even a 75%. But if
you're trying to lose fat, you should
focus on a white meat or even a fish,
which will hold almost no fat and a lot
less calories. Now, don't get me wrong,
you can still lose fat while eating red
meat. And technically, you can still
gain weight while eating white meat, but
these switches just make it a little bit
easier to hit your calorie goal at the
end of the day.
>> All right, Alex, you're the fitness
coach, so I'm going to come back to you.
Alex, bulking and cutting.
>> For the individual that is aware of that
language, for the individual knowing
that they must eat protein, would they
be watching this video and going, "Wow,
I should be eating the one with more
calories or less calories if I want to
lose or gain weight." It's common sense.
>> It's common sense. And to the person
that he's speaking to inside this video,
it is not well assuming that this is
relevant to audience. It's not unique.
As in they most likely, assuming that
they know what bulking and cutting is,
assuming that they know they need to eat
more protein and less, well, they need
to eat protein, but less calories or
more calories to gain or lose weight,
then they most likely already know the
premise of if this has more calories,
eat this if you want to gain weight. And
this has less calories, eat this if you
want to lose weight. Therefore, this
solution isn't easier. It isn't more
effective or isn't better explained
because I already knew it. So, this
video, even though it wasn't a bad
video, like the guy recording wise
wasn't bad. He used the props.
Obviously, we had a script. He he he
took the viral hook formula of like this
has this many calories, this is this, X,
Y, and Z. It just still wasn't valuable.
And then lastly, you have viewer
depictable. Now, this video is on the
the other side of well, even though it
wasn't valuable, it did really well.
Now, why did it do really well? You're
gonna see that it was extremely unique.
However, after watching it, you still
don't know what to do. So, let's take a
look from Mr. Bradley this video here,
which is a fantastic video. Go buy a
pair of expensive Jordans. You send them
one and you say, "Call me if you want
the other one." Go buy some throwaway
phones that you have the phone number.
Make sure they're all charged up and
then FedEx them to the Target. When the
FedEx tells you that they just got their
package, ring the [__] phone. It's
either going to be ringing in their box
or it's going to be ringing on their
desk and they're going to pick it up and
go, "Hello." And then say, "I thought
there must have been something wrong
with your phone cuz I couldn't get a
hold of you, so I decided to send you
one. What's happening?" You could
jailbreak an iPad where you create a
video that pops up and it says, "Dude,
my name's Quinton. This mustache is
going to go." I promise you if you help
me do business with your company, I've
been wanting to do business with your
company for a long time. And by the way,
you can keep this iPad for free, but all
I want is five minutes to tell you why I
should be able to earn your business.
And then you ship that jailbreak iPad
and you FedEx it to the person that runs
the company, receipt requested, which
means FedEx will require that person to
sign for it. And when they sign for it
and they open it up, it's a [__]
iPad. They go, "Holy shit." Then they
turn it on cuz they always do. And
there's your message before they can
even access it. And dude, they're going
to think, "What a clever little prick
this is." I like the [__] video. It
just wasn't valuable. Mainly because
first off, there's no killer solution.
Like there's a lot of things you have to
do homework on. for example, I'm assum
I'm I'm assuming Alex doesn't know how
to jailbreak a [__] iPad. I'm
assuming that's not in Alex's
wheelhouse. But outside of that, the
steps that he's giving just most likely
aren't viewer depictable. As in, Alex,
can you ever see yourself doing any of
this?
>> No. Like, definitely not.
>> Now, do you trust it's going to work?
>> Probably. A lot a lot of conviction. And
you know, if you're doing that much,
you're going to get their attention, but
who's doing that?
>> Indeed. Now, would it be worth it? Well,
that just depends on the individual. For
example, for Alex, probably not because
is the retainer of another fitness
client gonna be so huge that it's worth
more than the iPad? Maybe, maybe not.
Now, for I don't know. I don't think
anyone here sells anything that's like
extremely expensive. If you sell
something that's 100 grand and you're
selling to CEOs that are hard to get a
hold of, is it worth it? Maybe to the
individual, maybe not. But what we can
all say is definitely I think for
majority of us, we just can't see
ourselves doing that. I don't see Abby
going into her closet picking out a
shoe. It's like, you know what? [__] it.
I'm going to send him this one. So, even
though we believe that the information
is going to work and even though it was
fun, I don't see this to be valuable
because I don't see that any of us will
ever see ourselves doing it. Therefore,
this video is not educational. It's just
entertaining. It's just going over a
bunch of [__] that sounds cool, that
sounds like it might work, but I'll
never do. So, there's no benefit to me
watching this video except for the fact
that I was entertained. And these are
bad examples of each and every single
one of them. As in clear, no clear
solution. Here he's showing me the
before and after, but not how to get
there. He's not bridging me in between
those two. Here we have the solution
that's just not unique. As in, is there
a clear solution? Kind of. He tells you
exactly what to do. Is it view
depictable? I mean, I can see myself
eating either or. But is it unique?
Assuming that I know what bulking and
cutting is. Probably not, just cuz it's
eat this for more calories, eat this for
less calories. And this one, even though
it was highly entertaining, I liked it.
I love the [__] video, but I'm never
going to use the information inside of
it. I never see it's benefiting me, and
that's why these videos would not be
valuable. Are there any questions on the
bad examples?
>> Yeah, go ahead.
>> I've got one on the unique portion.
>> It's like finding the balance between
ideiation, concept, research, looking at
what other people are doing without
subconsciously taking that idea and then
it therefore not being unique because
it's inspired by what they've done
already. I guess my question is what are
you looking for in terms of ideation
when you're uh looking at other users
reals and stuff like that?
>> I think the question is going to lead to
an answer that would be false. So I
don't think the question is what do I do
whenever it comes to audiation looking
at other people's reels and seeing how I
can come up with a new solution. I think
the problem is is just not having a
solution that's better than the solution
that the person is giving in the video.
as in let's say they're making a video
about what's the video idea you have?
>> Um I don't know let's say a a cutting
meal like a low calorie high protein
meal.
>> Okay. Well, can you inspire a recipe
from another video? Yeah. And does that
mean that you inspire a recipe from
another video it means that it's no
longer unique? No. Because you're making
the presumption that every single one of
your relevant audience has seen that
other video. So then it's just the
question of well how many people have
made that video? I'm sure everyone has
seen some sort of variation of a
breakfast high low calorie high protein
burrito.
>> Yeah.
>> But I'm sure not a lot of people have
seen a breakfast quesadilla that's low
calorie high protein. So if you took
inspiration from that video, by
definition, I would assume it would be
more unique than the other one. But then
also on top of that, the question more
so becomes, can you not just find better
value to give? As in I'm sure that there
are recipes out there that no one's made
a video on that you can go look up. You
can buy as many cookbooks as you want.
Look at the cookbook and figure out
which one is going to be best that
you're not inspiring from another video,
but you're inspiring from something
outside of what someone's already
created in the short form content. So, I
think it's just more so how can I find
better value to give and not how can I
look for or how can I make my
inspiration from this guy that I stole
more unique. Now, I also think one of
the problems is narrowing down the
video, which we'll get to in the good
example because a good example is that
with that said, it's not that you have
to give something completely different.
It can also be better explained as in if
you can give me a different analogy of
doing lateral raises that clips with me
better than the other guy, then all of a
sudden that is unique because the way
that you're teaching it to me is unique
and I and it better resonated with me.
as you know, I might have already knew
that I'm supposed to be doing lateral
raises, and I already kind of knew how
to do them, but I really felt like my
chaps were just overworking. However, if
you tell me some sort of analogy that
I've never heard of that all of a sudden
just helps me visualize me doing it
perfectly, that is still unique because
you're giving me a different way of
explaining it that is better than the
one I already had in my mind and now I
can execute it better. Does that make
sense?
>> Yeah. like on this video then how would
you let's say you recreated this how
would you make this how do you feel this
guy could have made it more unique
>> I don't think the idea I think the idea
is the problem not necessarily the
information I don't know who this guy
targets I don't know who he sells to I
don't know this guy's name really
difficult for me to say this is what
this guy should have done but what I can
tell you is I think majority of the time
if you're having a hard time of coming
up with a unique concept it's you just
need to narrow down the idea as in if
you're talking about cutting versus
bulking well number one can you just
pick one cuz I think majority of his
audience probably wants to cut. Cool.
And then we make a video on cutting.
>> I think that's what I was going to ask.
So he just make two separate videos for
each solution.
>> He can narrow it down. So instead of
saying bulking and cutting, well then
you can just make a tree and you can say
cutting and bulking and then now you can
start narrowing that down into multiple
different things. As in are there any
tricks whenever you're cutting on how to
eat things but not gain any calories?
For example, is it eat ice cubes? I
don't know. Maybe that maybe that's
something that people do. Maybe he
starts [__] 200 ice cubes and he says
this is the thing you need to do.
>> I hear you. It's very broad. Narrow it
down. Guarantee those quick wins.
>> Guarantee those quick wins. Which brings
me to the video that I chose for that uh
example of
>> you love this one.
>> I love this [__] video. So, let's
take a look. This is a good example of a
video that has amazing Trinity value.
>> He always does his leg extensions like
this. So, with the seat up and his back
more upright, so the way most people do
them. He does something different. He
always sets the seat back and declines
his torso. Who do you think will
actually grow bigger quads? Well, a
brand new study tested this. Scientists
had people train with either the seat up
position with their hips flexed at
around 90° or with the seat back
position with their hips flexed at 40°.
After 10 weeks of training, here's the
cool part. There was no difference in
quad growth except one head called the
rectus feorous grew way better with the
seat back. It saw 170% more growth. This
is a huge difference because the rectus
feorous is a huge head. Does this mean
that your quads are going to look like
Jay Couplers in 8 weeks as long as you
set the seat back? No. The actual amount
of muscle gain was only a few
millimeters. But compounded over years
of training, I do think that doing your
leg extensions with the seat back will
lead to your best possible gains.
>> This is [__] This is music, man.
>> It's so [__] good. Like [__]
So, number one, I want I want you guys
to become very very um aware of the
relevance audience and who you're
attracting. So, who does Chef Ner speak
to? Typically, regular lifters. He
typically doesn't speak to beginners.
Typically doesn't speak to people that
are that don't work out. Typically, it's
going to be people that work out
already. They may not be scientist, but
they are people that go to the gym and
want to get more out of the gym. Now,
for the clear solution, I keep on
picking on Alice because you're the
first person up here. Marcos, do you
feel like it was clear on how to go from
you're currently missing gains to here's
how to get 170% more growth in your
quads?
>> Yeah, just change your seat.
>> Cool. It's [__] simple. Now, Marcos,
can you see yourselves doing this?
>> I already do, but yeah.
>> Cool. Did you believe it was going to
work?
>> You showed us a study.
>> Cool. And did you feel the results are
worth it?
>> It doesn't make me any extra effort. So,
yeah.
>> So, his clear solution was also unique
as in it's 170% more effective. Marco
said something though. He said, "It
doesn't cost me any more effort."
>> It raised the viewer depictability as in
they can see themselves doing it because
it doesn't cost me any more effort. Only
reason why you wouldn't do this is if
you feel like is if you feel like you
look stupid. However, I feel like you
don't look that stupid doing it. So,
there's no reason not to do it because
the solution is more effective than the
current solution that you already had in
your mind.
this one. I wish Carson was here because
I know Carson will play devil's advocate
and be like, "Devon, you're [__]
wrong here." And I actually want
somebody to do that. So, here's a video
for myself. Let's take a look. Never
ever ever post a video on Instagram
without using this brand new feature.
Instagram just launched a new feature
last month called Trial Real and it
ising legendary. Basically, Tri Real
lets you test your video with a group of
nonfollowers to see how your video will
perform before you actually publish it
to your account. Now, why is this so
good and how should you use it? Well,
you already know that the first 5
seconds of your video or your hook is
what's really going to make or break
your video. But before you never could
really know what hook is going to make
your video go viral. That was until this
brand new feature and with the strategy
that I'm about to teach you called the
multivariant hook. With this, you can go
viral every single time. So, here's what
you do. Whenever you're scripting your
video, you never only script out one
hook for it. You always script out three
different hooks for the same video. Then
record all three hooks along with
whatever your video was about. And then
in the editing, what you want to do is
you want to split your three hooks into
three separate videos. One with your
original hook and then the other two
with your multi-variant hooks. Once you
have all three versions, go ahead and
post all three to Instagram using this
brand new feature and then check back in
24 hours. Instagram will test out all
three versions with different audiences
and show you which version out of the
three performs the best. And that is
your video that you're going to publish.
So go ahead and publish the best
performing version onto your account and
remove the other two. And now you just
gave your video the best chance at going
viral instead of just throwing [__] at
the wall. Which is why I say to So Miss
Abby, do you feel as if the solution was
clear? Can you watch this video without
any further research? Implement the
information.
>> Yes.
>> Cool. Now, here's where it gets a little
bit like
I don't know. First off, can you picture
yourself doing this?
>> I can see the value in me knowing that I
should do it, but somebody else saying,
"Oh, I have hard enough time posting one
video, so let me
>> [__] I chose the wrong
>> now."
Huh?
>> I chose the repurposing post person.
[__]
>> You're welcome. Um, but uh, yeah,
thinking about three different hooks
when they're struggling with the first
one and then they're going to, you know,
fuss about the editing and things of
that nature. So, it's like, oh, if I do
have an editor, if I don't, I have to
edit this video three different times.
So, while you can see the video getting
somebody to take action on it, I think
they'll have a little resistance.
>> Cool. So, coming back to the relevant
audience, whenever it comes to my
Caesar, which is my mascot, that
individual makes over 20K per month. So
it would be under the presumption that
they want to be editing the videos, all
that good jazz. That's why you always
have to bring it back to the relevant
audience. With that context, do you feel
as if they could better picture
themselves doing it?
>> Yeah, I think it's a it's a good
opportunity for them to see how their
video can perform without, you know,
with with getting a result with the
trial reels. So I think they can they
can trust it and uh and put it into
action and actually see some results
with their videos being seen by more
viewers.
>> Do they believe Yeah. Can they trust it
that that it would work for them?
>> I think it's I think the trust is it's
worth the try.
>> It increases the amount of swings at the
bat which increases the likelihood of a
home run. So then is it worth it? And
this is really where the question
becomes. This is where we have a little
bit of stress on the system. So is the
10 minutes of extra work worth it for a
possible 10x result?
>> Absolutely.
>> I would say for majority people they'd
say that's a good trade. Then is it
unique? Well, this is where there was
some u friction here. So my solution
that I gave, was it easier than the
current solution that the viewers
already had in their mind? No. No, it
wasn't. Was it more effective than the
current solution that they already had
in their mind? Someone give me some
nods.
>> Yes.
>> Cool. So then the question becomes, what
are you optimizing for in between these
two? Because there are definitely a lot
of cases to where you will be lowering
the ease of something to increase the
effectiveness of it. And that's just
whenever you start thinking about, well,
which one is more efficient? Because
efficiency is ease plus effectiveness.
meaning how little effort, time or
friction is required and how much of the
desired result it actually produces. And
this is where you have to use a little
bit of some critical thinking skills
about your relevant ideal audience and
your mascot. So even though I'm adding
steps and I'm making it less easy, I'm
literally adding five steps to the
[__] process. You have to write three
hooks, split them, use the trials,
Instagram feature, check back in 24
hours, publish the winner, delete the
rest. I'm adding steps. The question
just becomes, well, am I increasing the
quality results in a way that outweighs
the extra effort? I think for a lot of
people, they look at this and at least
look at it and go, you know what? I can
see why that would work. Nothing else is
working for me right now. [__] it. Let's
do it. Therefore, with the effectiveness
outweighing the ease or the addition of
steps, it increases the efficiency.
Therefore, my clear solution, not my
clear solution, well, yeah, my clear
solution may not be easier. It may be
more effective, but overall is more
efficient, which is why I still deem
this video to be valuable. Does that
make sense?
>> Yeah, I got a question for that, Deon.
for the specific rule itself. Makes
perfect sense. Just uh do you still use
this strategy or no?
>> It depends on the video. If I look at
the video, I'm like, "This is good
shit." Yeah. Or if I'm looking at a
hook, like I just made a hook not too
long ago. Um if you're Oh, if you're if
you're wasting hours creating content
just to see no results, I don't know
your pain. I go [__] viral, but I do
know your solution. Whenever I I heard
that, I was like, "Fuck yeah, that's the
hook I'm using. I don't give a [__]
Which one is more optimal?" I love that.
However, if I'm looking at a video, I'm
just like, "This is really, really good.
I know the value is really, really
[__] good. I just need to be able to
get it in front of more people. And I
know that as long as it gets in front of
people, they're going to stick around to
listen to the rest." Then I will do it.
>> All right, cool.
>> Ev, will we get this deal?
>> Yes, you will at the end.
>> Cool.
>> So, we got one more example. A lot of
you guys have seen this video, too. Mr.
Alex Heroszi, let's take a look.
>> There's two things you can say to get
around I left my wallet at home. The
first thing you do is you don't actually
ask for someone's payment first.
Instead, what you do is you ask them for
their ID. So, they take their wallet out
and then they'll hand you their ID.
You'll write down their information.
Say, "Cool. Let me swap you for whatever
card you want to use." Now, at that
point, they can't say they left their
wallet at home. But, let's say that for
some reason they say like, "I left the
car that I that I wanted to use or
whatever." No problem. Do you have your
phone on you? Cool. Why don't you pull
up your banking app, go to your
statements, and then we can see your
account number on the top right, and we
can write that down, and we can do ACA
transaction just like that.
>> Beautiful. Fantastic. Um, let's say,
Alec, you're in person. You're slinging
[__] uh gym training, all that good
jazz. You just bought a gym. Do you see
this being a clear solution? Do you feel
like you know exactly what to do
whenever someone says, "I like my wallet
at home."
>> Perfect.
>> Cool. Can you picture yourself doing it?
Is there a lot of friction around doing
this or is just like, "Oh, this just
another way to handle it and I think
it's better."
>> Yep.
>> Cool. Do you trust it'll work?
>> I think it made [__] logical sense.
And then do you believe that the that
you feel as if the result is going to be
worth the effort?
>> Absolutely. You're closing a sale. And
dude, if you sell a 5k thing, which you
do, Alec, and you talk to 100 people a
month, and 20% of the time people say,
"I don't have my wallet," then this
process by definition will make you
extra $100,000 a month. So, of course,
it's going to be worth it. And then his
solution, it was just more effective.
We're making the presumption that it'll
be more effective. And that is trinity
of value. Does that give you guys a
little bit more clarity on the
understanding of what makes the video
truly valuable in the educational sense?
>> Yes. Alec, when you get your gym, let me
know. I got you.
>> What questions do you guys have?
>> I think for me it's just making sure
that this stuff is valuable. Like I have
a lot of things that I do and sometimes
it is, you know, you get on me a lot
about the viewer depiction. Um, so it's
it's continuing to work on those and
provide the opportunity to share the the
clear solution. But yeah, it's just
really nailing down what will be
valuable for somebody that has been my a
thorn in my side.
>> I think have you you filled out your
relevant worksheet, right? Say that the
what what which worksheet?
>> The relevant to like the old relevant
worksheet.
>> When do we do that one? I don't think
so.
>> Cool. Jesus. All right. This is this is
step number one.
>> Okay.
>> So, just figuring out who you're
speaking to because once you figure this
out like the same way that I could sit
there and go, okay, well, the person I
want is 20K a month. The person I want
is this and this and this. As long as
you can keep that person in mind and
have a mascot that you're building the
video for, it becomes much more clear on
if it's pure depictable or not. As in,
would someone that has to edit their own
videos do three different hooks for it?
Probably not. But if they just sent it
off and the editor did it, obviously the
friction would decrease substantially
and I can only have that understanding
whenever I'm thinking about the person
that I want to target. So being able to
come here and then look at exactly who
this person is and writing this all
down, it's going to give me so much
clarity whenever it comes down to is
this person going to find this worth it?
Is this person going to actually see
themselves doing it? Is this person
going to trust that this is something
that they can can do and it will work
for them? And once you have this level
of understanding and clarity, it just
becomes so much easier.
>> Okay. Bit.
>> Peace out, Alex. Mr. Marcos,
>> um my question would be to make a v
video more valuable. Uh you said like
those are the three main core steps that
we have, but we have like the $5 one
which is clear and the the broad topic
has to be a broad topic. Um when I was
in the workshop for lead ma lead magnet
mastery you mentioned like the
micromagnets and not the general lead
magnets because a micromagnet uh solves
like a really specific problem that
catches a person's attention. Would you
say that this also the case for general
reels that we solve like a very specific
problem for our avatar because then it
would not be broad.
>> It depends. Is that specific problem
something that all of your avatars have?
>> Yes. for example,
>> then that would be the same level of
broad. It's just a more specific problem
that you're solving.
>> So the question is more so balancing in
between can I choose a specific problem
and have the same amount of relevance
across my entire audience. If the answer
is yes, [__] beautiful. You have a
leaner seat back and 170% more growth
video. Now if the answer is no, like
let's say for example, he makes a video
about let's say these are weightlifting
shoes and he's like, "Hey, if you have
these weightlifting shoes x, y, and z,
it's a very specific problem. However,
that now all of a sudden shrinks down
his audience that he's speaking to. So,
yeah, finding that specific problem that
aligns with the broadest audience
possible is going to lead to, in my
opinion, the easiest way to create
something that is valuable.
>> Got it. Makes sense.
>> Beautiful.
>> Just to be clear on the on the pyramid.
So, basically the clear solution is the
most important thing obviously. Then it
has to be unique either the information
itself or it has to be uniquely
explained. And the viewer depict is the
least important but makes like the
cherry ends on
>> indeed. So that's how that's how we did
build it. So clear solution is going to
be the foundation and then clear
solution must be unique and that clear
solution must be view depictable. Now
you put unique at second just because I
feel as if even if you don't make it
view depictable and the clear solution
is unique. I think it's not necessarily
more valuable but it's going to do
better. The same way that this video it
really didn't have a clear solution or
wasn't [__] viewer depictable. It was
just [__] unique, you know? I was
like, damn, this sound like it's just
entertaining. So, yes, ideally you'd
have all, but just for the sake of the
visualization, that's what we went with.
>> Mhm. And for general, like to challenge
the the trinity of value, um, instead of
having a clear solution like always
giving the people, okay, this is exactly
what you need to do. What do you think
of the idea of giving people food for
thought basically like trying to change
their perspectives on things? It is not
that you're trying to give step one,
step two, step three. That is not what
what I want you guys to take away from
this. That's an easier way of me being
able to teach the model because if you
were talking about food for thought and
more so insightful content, that's under
the presumption that you actually have
insights. And for a general piece of
advice, that's something you don't give
typically to a general audience because
not everyone has insights. But what do I
think about insights content? I think no
matter what, the insight can still be
the bridge in between the undesired
result desired result. As in if you give
someone an insight that they can force
you change your behavior and that change
in behavior because of that change of
belief leads to them getting to their
desired outcome or desired result that's
still valuable and that still can follow
the trinity of value. It's just a lot
less it's a lot less of me being able to
sit here and say this is somewhat
objective.
>> Yeah. Got it. Yeah.
>> But I would find it to be valuable to
give you guys examples of what that
looks like because I I can I can see
what you're getting at there and I think
there's a lot of people that do that
well. Yeah, that will be fun to see.
>> Train Bloom, most of his [__] is
insight. Typically, it's not clear
solution. Most of his [__] is insight.
So, I think he's an example you can look
at. Cool. That was a good question,
Marcos.
>> Well, then beautiful. That ends off our
presentation for